# Strategic Enterprise Decision Making

In Week 6, you reflected on the process and outcomes associated with your pilot, and you considered how you would design a large-scale strategic plan, based on your reflection, to foster continuous improvement.  As indicated previously, you will need to obtain stakeholder alignment and buy-in for your initiative to be successful.  A substantial component of a strategic plan pertains to organizational alignment, which means that you need to align the organizational strategy to your initiative.  Revisiting the scoring and prioritization templates from Week 1 would be helpful here.  Also, you need to communicate your plan in a way that resonates with all of your stakeholders.

Your strategic plan should include the why, who, how, and when.  You should begin with a statement about why this is important with a particular focus on how your initiative aligns with the larger organizational strategy.  You should articulate the value proposition and discuss the feasibility of the initiative; the focus here should be on the outcomes of interest or the key performance indicators.  Next, you should discuss the process, which should pertain to who, how, and when.  A brief roadmap with a timeline and milestones should be included.  Be sure to use the results that you obtained from your pilot to support your plan.

Review the weekly resources (as well as previous resources, as required) to prepare for this week’s assignments. The resources may include textbook reading assignments, journal articles, websites, links to tools or software, videos, handouts, rubrics, etc.
