# Enterprise Statistical Application

Reflection is a very important part of the research process.  In Week 5, you evaluated your pilot results and the extent to which you are able to draw cause and effect conclusions, assuming significant results were obtained.  For Week 6, you will evaluate and reflect on this experience.  As such, you will determine what changes (if any) you would make if you were to implement an enterprise-wide intervention based on the results of your pilot.

For example, if you are looking to get more video game visits and/or increased length of visit, you might need to work with your product team to modify the product.  If you obtain a high number of visits when advertised, but the visit length is short, you might need to change the game concept or user experience.  Therefore, it might make sense to incorporate customer intercepts or surveys to get direct feedback about the concept of the game and the user experience.  If you are not getting a lot of visits, but the playing time is long, you might need to consider improving your advertising campaign.  This is where you want to consider the limitations and implications of your pilot research project, and use them to help guide the development of a large-scale intervention such as the revision of a product roadmap (something that will generate external revenue) or a plan for increased efficiencies in your product team (something that will generate reduced internal costs).

Regardless of the intervention plan that you recommend based on your reflection of your pilot results, you should assess the feasibility of conducting that intervention at scale and determine if moving forward is warranted based on your updated business case.  Assumed resource allocations (people, time, money) should be identified and communicated along with an estimate of the projected return on investment associated with the intervention.

Review the weekly resources (as well as previous resources, as required) to prepare for this week’s assignments. The resources may include textbook reading assignments, journal articles, websites, links to tools or software, videos, handouts, rubrics, etc.
