# Designing Experiments for Hypothesis Testing

Your ability to design a robust experiment will be a driving force in your ability to implement positive change within an organization.  In order to know what decisions to make, you need to have valid information available.  Oftentimes, people start with a pilot or proof of concept before they implement any major enterprise-wide initiatives.  For this course, consider a pilot project that you would conduct that could lead to a major strategic initiative.

Once your pilot project is identified and specified, you can begin collecting the required data and begin your experiment. For example, you might have a software development team that is part of a scrum team, and you are looking to get their user stories completed faster because the team is not delivering against the plan. You might identify that the amount of effort to complete a user story (e.g., assignment of story points) is often underestimated, holiday and vacation times are not adequately considered, and developers are pulled off of the project to handle other needs that arise.  You hypothesize that all of these factors are impacting your team’s ability to complete the amount of work planned per 2-week sprint.  Therefore, you design an experiment where you make a change in the process and examine how your team’s performance changes as a result.  In addition, you would want to look at how appropriately productivity is being measured. 

After you have completed your experiment, you will need to explore, clean, and analyze your data so that you are able to provide recommendations for continuous improvement or organizational growth.  In Weeks 4-6, you will practice analyzing and interpreting data.

Review the weekly resources (as well as previous resources, as required) to prepare for this week’s assignments. The resources may include textbook reading assignments, journal articles, websites, links to tools or software, videos, handouts, rubrics, etc.
